STEPHEN: My name is Stephen Jameson.
And I am one of the Tomorrow People.
They call our powers the three T's.
- Telepathy...
- CARA: Stephen?
STEPHEN: Telekinesis...
And teleportation.
There is a shadow war going
on between us and Ultra...
- No!
- ... the secret organization that hunts us.
The only way to keep my
species from going extinct
is to find my father.
And the only way to do that
is by working for the enemy.
STEPHEN: Previously on
The Tomorrow People...
The Founder invented some kind of machine
to amplify your father's powers.
- For what?
- I don't know.
But whatever it is, your
father risked death to stop it.
How do we stop the Founder?
We kill him.
The machine was your
father's dream, Stephen.
A device that could finally
build a road to our salvation.
(GUNSHOT)
You're running?
After Cassie died for us, for your plan?
You're saving yourself now?
I'm taking the only path I can.
Hey, what the hell's going on?
Boss just ordered all hands
on deck. No one knows why.
- Jedikiah gave that order?
- I'm talking about our new boss.
FOUNDER: All right, everyone. Listen up.
The Ultra I founded was based on a vision.
A world in which the Paranormal
would live not as a mutation,
a freak of nature, but as a blessed being,
graced with astonishing gifts.
But as I became consumed by
the advancement of our kind,
Dr. Jedikiah Price turned this place
of science into a fortress of brutality.
A death factory.
To my own ruin.
And my daughter's.
The Ultra that you have
come to know is no more!
The hunting of our own kind, over.
The imprisonment, the killing, through.
From now on, all Paranormals
will live in peace.
Breakouts will still be monitored,
and those abusing their
powers will be detained
and instructed in the need for discretion
and then released.
Any questions?
Good.
Back to work.
Cassie's death was an accident,
John, it wasn't your fault.
I pulled the trigger.
I did the one thing I swear I'd never do.
If anyone's to blame, it's the
Founder, he forced your hand.
- He didn't force me to do anything.
- John.
Please. Don't disappear
inside yourself again.
For us to work,
you have to let me in.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
STEPHEN: Cara, John, where are you guys?
Oh, good.
A three-way.
That's not funny.
I know it's hard to believe him,
maybe something just snapped in the guy.
Losing his daughter, maybe
it jarred the Founder awake.
It opened his eyes to
the dark side of Ultra.
There's a light side?
Sounds like there was once.
Maybe it can happen again.
Says the Founder. It
doesn't change anything.
If what he says is true,
you guys might not have
to live down here anymore.
Hello, Tribeca.
That is one hell of a big "If".
Way to get a guy's hopes up.
Look, think about it. The new
head of Ultra, he's one of us.
With Jedikiah out of power,
Ultra can protect Paranormals.
That's a little
convenient, don't you think?
We get rid of our spies, our
generals, our foot soldiers?
What, just wave the
white flag and surrender?
Look, I'm not saying I trust the Founder
but at least he's not Jedikiah.
Where is our favorite
Paranormal exterminator?
He's gone. Disappeared.
How we doing today, folks?
Hey, I'm doing great.
Oh, it's a rhetorical question, pal.
Welcome to New York City. No
one cares how you're doing.
(LAUGHING) I'm kidding!
I'm only kidding. I care.
I care that you tip me. Okay?
Hey-yo! Alright, why don't you
step on out for me, friendly kid.
You are my volunteer today. Big
hand for a friendly kid, folks.
(CLAPPING) Yeah, so. I got a train to catch
so what do you say we skip the
salad and cut to the main course.
I call it the "disappearing act".
Do me a favor, stand
right here, open your hand,
prepare to be wowed, people.
Okay, now, I want you to throw it
down as hard as you can, got it?
SHY KID: Okay.
(CROWD REACTING) How
on Earth did he do that?
- Oh my god, I think I may be a genius.
- (CLAPPING)
Encore.
Give me a break, seriously.
How on Earth did he do that?
I know, right? Monty the Magnificent,
folks! Thank you very much!
Thank you, thank you. Appreciate it.
New breakout?
Uh-huh. Come on.
- Where are we going?
- To make a good first impression.
Oh, there's no need to
knock. My door is always open.
I'm offering you a seat.
We have a breakout, sir.
Bathory.
Excuse me?
It's what my friends call me.
Right. Well, he is posing
as a street magician
and using his powers
recklessly in front of humans.
Uh-huh.
Well, we just came here because we
wanted your permission to bring him in.
(DEEP BREATH)
Very well. As you see fit.
Thank you, sir.
Was there something else, Stephen?
HILLARY: Jameson?
I'm sorry for your loss, sir.
Circled the block 14 times,
our magician's not here.
This is where his
Tele-signature last registered.
Well, maybe he got a cab or a train
or maybe his mom picked him up.
He had no problem
teleporting in broad daylight,
I hardly think he's going to
lay down some cash for a taxi.
Wow. Look at you, a
real Paranormal profiler.
We should get you a reality show.
You have fun. I'm out.
You've had your panties
in a bunch this whole day,
what is your problem?
You are my problem, Hillary.
- What did I do?
- Just sucking up to the new boss.
Always looking for the gold star, right?
Is that what this is?
You think I'm all gung-ho?
What else would it be?
A second chance, maybe?
We can finally do our jobs without feeling
like we're selling out our own kind.
A pro-Paranormal Ultra sound great
but I'd like to be sure that this
Bathory guy is for real, first.
Okay, well, I guess we'll find
out when we bring in our breakout.
- Guess so.
- But I trust him.
(CHUCKLING)
What, you think I'm being naive?
Well, let's make a bet.
I'm not betting on the fate of our species.
Loser's the winner's bitch for
a week. You do whatever I say.
Or you do whatever I say.
Whatever.
You're on. See you later, biatch.
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(BEEPING CONTINUES)
(BEEPING SPEEDS UP)
(DOOR CLOSING)
Hey, Stephen.
- synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
STEPHEN: (SCOFFS) I was tracking a
Tele-signature, how did you do that?
I designed these instruments
so I can pretty much do
what I want with them.
Hiding out in alleyways, not
really your style, Uncle Jed.
Yeah, well, after you screwed
up that assassination attempt
I've had to lay low until I
can figure out our next move.
Sorry, "our next move"?
Against the Founder.
Stephen, he has to be stopped.
From what? Shutting down the kill squads?
- Putting an end to your violence?
- He's manipulating you, Stephen.
And trust me, without me there to
protect you, he will eventually kill you.
He had his chance. He didn't.
Of course! Because he
wants to exploit you first.
Your ability to stop time,
it's crucial to his plan.
What plan?
If you join forces with him,
millions of humans will die.
The only human you ever
cared about was yourself.
Good luck.
Where have you been?
Thought I had a beat on our
magician, the signal went cold.
Well, I think I picked it up.
"Monty the Magnificent.
Fort Greene Theatre".
This is our guy?
It's not exactly hiding.
We're really going to go pick someone
up for putting on a magic show?
Delivering a breakout is the only
way to see if the Founder's for real.
HILLARY: Wanna get some beers?
I'm sorry, I think I'm having a stroke.
Did you suggest we break a rule?
Very funny.
CARA: Stephen, can you hear me?
Did you feel that?
I just got a telepathic burst.
Yeah, me too. You check it
out upstairs. I'll wait here.
Keep an eye out.
STEPHEN: Not a good time, Cara.
I was just...
STEPHEN: Worried about me? I'm fine.
I'll have two beers, whatever's on tap.
You did try and kill your new boss.
STEPHEN: Yeah, and now
I'm bringing in a breakout,
as a way of saying I'm sorry.
And you're willing to risk the
new breakout's life for that?
Stephen, I got us a booth.
Stephen?
Did he just hang up on me?
Tim, triangulate Stephen's cell phone?
Why are you stalking Stephen?
To intercept the breakout.
TIM: He just entered Fort Greene Theatre,
where a magician calling
himself Monty the Magnificent
is providing the evening's entertainment.
- It's gotta be him.
- "Him" who?
The new breakout. Let's go.
I thought we were going out.
We are. To a magic show.
Come on, it'll be fun.
Hey, Uncle Jed.
Uh, is your mom here?
Uh, no, she's not. Sorry.
Oh, you're alone, interesting. Uh,
do you mind if I come in for a sec?
Yeah, sure. I was just fixing a sandwich.
Oh, that sounds tasty.
What happened to grabbing Monty backstage?
We should see the act,
document his Paranormal abuses
and write a comprehensive report on him.
I say we take him now.
(PIANO MUSIC PLAYING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
- Too late.
- MONTY: Thank you, thank you.
There he is.
(MONTY SPEAKING TO CROWD)
With his partner.
What, you think we can't take her?
Let's just keep our heads down
until we know what they're planning
(MONTY CONTINUES SPEAKING TO CROWD)
We're blown.
Better make the most of it.
Cara Coburn, do you know her?
Nope.
Hey, Stephen.
Hey! A little.
Do you mind if we join you?
Oh, uh, that's okay, we got a table.
No, we don't mind the squeeze, do we?
No.
I heard this Monty guy's supposed
to be great. A real breakout star.
(COUGHING) Excuse me, I'm
gonna go grab a napkin.
Here, take mine.
Thanks.
You two make such a cute couple.
How long have you been together?
- Oh, um, we just work together.
- Oh, yeah, where?
Come on, baby, it's Saturday
night. Who wants to talk work?
I'm so sorry, I didn't get your name.
(GASPING) Look, look! Wow, it's starting.
You know.
People tell me I'm crazy
to try this first trick.
Might as well dress the part.
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
Thank you.
(CROWD LAUGHING)
MONTY: Say a prayer.
(CROWD CHEERING)
How did he do that?
- You know damn well!
- Time to go, people are watching.
- Mr. Magnificent.
- Oh!
Happy to sign autographs for my fans.
I know a magic trick.
Let me see your hands.
(GRUNTING)
If I were you, I'd stay down.
(YELPING)
It's okay, Monty, I'm here to help.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Geez.
(SIGHING)
If we don't at least mix it up a little,
Hillary's gonna know something's off.
I'm not gonna fight you over
some kid who thinks he's magic.
Gotta protect my cover. Sorry, John.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Gotta sell it, John.
I'm trying.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
We good?
Yeah.
(GROANING)
- Hey!
- Hi, what are you doing here?
You texted me to come over.
No, I didn't.
Thank God.
Look man, something is wrong with
Uncle Jed. He's talking crazy.
Stephen, Astrid. Nice
of you to show up here.
Go ahead, Luca, ask him.
Ask me what?
He says you have powers.
Like comic book stuff.
And he says you know about it, Astrid.
Look, Jedikiah is very sick.
And he was just leaving.
Astrid, are you going to tell him?
Your brother is right, your uncle is sick.
Really?
You've seen firsthand the
dangers of knowing too much.
I've just told Luca everything.
Now, tell him what's in store
for him, tell him his future.
That kill squad that came
after you, tell him about it!
Tell him!
Why are you doing this?
Folks, this is a Paranormal intervention.
I brought you into Ultra to protect
you and you fall in with the wrong guy.
You think it's easy to dismiss what I say?
What are you gonna do now that
your brother's life is on the line?
- Get out!
- Tell him the truth! Now!
Do it or, so help me god,
I will put a bullet in him.
- What the hell?
- Do it!
Let him go!
Tell him now.
Okay, okay, okay!
Luca, it's all true.
Yeah, not convincing enough.
(STEPHEN YELLING)
Thank you for proving my point.
You son of a bitch!
He needs to know the
truth. Please, listen to me!
So it's true.
You're some kind of mutant?
No, no...
And Mom and Dad?
I know our family was messed up.
We're like a supernatural freak show.
And everyone knew about it except me!
I was only trying to
protect you. Okay? I promise.
Well, what about me? Am I a freak too?
No.
I'm sorry to have to do that, Stephen.
But the time for secrets is past.
Everyone you love needs to know the stakes.
Listen to me, the
Founder cannot be trust...
(YELLING)
(GRUNTING)
I don't want to hurt you, son.
(GRUNTS)
I did it for your own good. Stephen!
My family was off-limits.
Wait, Stephen. Listen to me!
We're done talking. Let's
see who passes out first.
(CHOKING)
(HIGH PITCHED RINGING)
(SCREAMING IN PAIN)
Stay the hell out of my life or
I will find a way to kill you.
- So what was that about?
- What?
I was trying to save a breakout.
At the expense of Stephen's cover?
Well, it doesn't matter now since the Founder
is ushering in a kinder, gentler Ultra.
- But you don't believe that.
- Stephen does.
And he's willing to risk
Monty's life to prove it.
And you're willing to risk
Stephen's life to prove him wrong.
He's been under cover too long.
He's starting to think like Ultra.
I think he might be right.
About a man that tortured you?
Used his own child as a human guinea pig
and then threw her away
when he was done with her?
That's the man you think we should trust?
You didn't see what we saw.
His daughter died in
his arms because of me.
He could've done anything to us.
But he didn't, he let us go.
And the only way Cassie's
death will have meant something
is if the Founder is true to his word.
So you're telling me
everyone down here is like me?
You're all magic?
Not saying you're not special, Monty.
Just saying some of us
are a little more special.
Don't listen to him. Down
here, we're all equal.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Presenting Monty the Mediocre.
Excuse me. Sir.
Just four letters.
Four simple building blocks.
It seems like there should be
more to us than that, some...
ineffable thing that
makes us unique. But...
We're all simply the sum
of these four components.
G, T, A, C.
Yeah, DNA. Uh, if this is a bad time, I...
But this particular DNA is my daughter's.
For so long, I... I searched
through it, looking for the key
that could save us from the threat
of humans and their petty fears.
But in the process, I...
I sacrificed the part of her
that was unique.
And now, all I have are these four letters.
(SIGHING) I'm sorry, Stephen, you, uh...
you wanted to talk?
The, um, breakout, we lost him.
We didn't lose him. The
Tomorrow People took him.
Which is why we have to put an end to them.
Stephen, I know that you have ties to them.
Excuse me?
I need you to take them a message.
Who said that I have ties to them?
Tell them to release the
breakout and in exchange
I am prepared to offer them a truce.
If our kind is to survive
it must be in peace.
Otherwise, my daughter's death
will have been for nothing.
Please, Stephen.
I'll see what I can do.
(LAUGHING)
This kid's actually pretty good.
Monty, you're coming with me.
No, Stephen, I said no.
He's trying to get you
to risk your life for him.
You don't have to live down here anymore,
you can go back to the life you had.
- More or less.
- Yeah, the less being they take your powers
and you go back to
being like everyone else.
If I stay down here, even with
powers I'm like everyone else.
Dude, don't get all existential.
Why would you trust the
Founder to keep his word?
He has no reason to lie to me.
He knows I'm helping you, he
still turned the other cheek.
While they fight, why don't
you show me another trick.
Okay. You ready?
Or he's trying to lure you
into a false sense of security.
Did you even consider that?
Now you see me.
(WHOOSHING)
Haha!
This is what we're missing! Showmanship.
He just teleported topside.
- STEPHEN: Real smart, bud.
- Yeah.
About as smart as you hooking
up with your partner on the job.
What was that?
I'm not blind. You're
18 and she's gorgeous.
I don't know how we expected
you to remain objective.
Wow, are you jealous?
Of course not.
How can you be jealous of
Hillary when you're with John?
This isn't about me and John, this
is about you risking Monty's life.
- Hillary is clouding your judgment.
- You are unbelievable.
- You said you and I were a mistake.
- We are a mistake.
And what about Hillary?
She's a mistake too?
She's an Ultra agent.
You know that's not the reason.
Come on, Cara. Don't
make me read your mind.
Just because I'm jealous,
doesn't mean I'm wrong.
At least I can keep my feelings
and my judgment separate.
Yeah, you've done a great job with that.
Stephen.
If you have lost sight
of why you've gone undercover
in Ultra in the first place,
it's more than just my
feelings that'll get hurt.
White makes the first
move, last time I checked.
Sorry, zoning off a little.
TIM: Is that slang for being
preoccupied with one's sexual mate?
Tim. Mind your own business. Pawn E4.
TIM: Pawn to E5.
Well, aren't we feeling bold?
Knight to F3, tough guy.
TIM: Knight to F6.
The King's Gambit.
What's gotten into you?
TIM: I don't know. But it
certainly wasn't my move.
What?
TIM: Someone's entered my mainframe
and is playing you remotely.
Clearly, your opponent knows a
great deal about my operating system.
Maybe that's because he designed it.
Luca, stop avoiding my
calls, I need to talk to you.
Okay? Call me back. Please.
Hey, hey.
I need your help.
What?
I can't find my little brother.
- What do you want me to do?
- I'm gonna keep looking for him,
I need you to put his
photo in facial recognition.
To see if we're already tracking
him, his name is Luca Jameson.
You think the TAC team is about him?
I hope not. But Luca knows about me.
And you remember what happened to
Astrid when somebody ratted her out.
I'll see what I can do.
Ok. Thank you.
(GUNS BEING LOADED)
Didn't expect to see us arming up.
Well it seems the breakout you and your
partner failed to apprehend has been located.
No offense, this doesn't
exactly look like a truce.
This breakout has proven evasive,
and as much as I loathe force, it
will still be necessary on occasion.
The kid is a street magician.
What are you going to do to him?
That's up to him.
JEDIKIAH: I see you got my message.
Who else would be reckless enough
break Sicilian and rush a knight?
John, you know I've never subscribed
to the historical defenses.
Always better to sacrifice a pawn...
And draw a prey for the bigger guns.
Yes, you taught me that the first
time you brought me here to play.
I did.
- Alright, let's cut the crap, kid.
- Let's.
I need you.
Let me rephrase that, humanity needs you.
Always in the name of humanity.
I'm running out of allies, John.
If you walk away from me now,
every human being on this
island is in grave danger.
Even if I did believe
you, how is it my problem?
I know you feel responsible
for what happened to Cassie.
We're not going to talk about Cassie.
You're right, we're not.
But I'm offering you a
chance to atone for her death.
Who do you want me to kill for you now?
I don't want you to kill anyone.
I want you to save someone, John.
Someone very dear to both of us.
(GUNS COCKING)
Everyone! Please disembark immediately.
Monty. Just come in the easy way
and you won't get hurt.
Try and get out of these ones, Houdini.
You want me to save Roger?
It is rather poetic, if I do say so myself.
You getting to save the life
of the man I killed? Beautiful.
This is all predicated upon
Stephen's participation.
And at the moment, he's convinced
the Founder is on his side.
If he's not dissuaded of
this, John, Stephen will die.
Roger will die. I will die.
You and all the Tomorrow People...
Will die? The Founder
wins, the whole world ends?
How horrible.
You're being facetious.
JOHN: The Founder forgave
me for killing his daughter.
If he wanted us dead, he
could have done it by now.
He would've done it by now.
John, he's playing you,
he's playing everybody.
- For what?
- For the plan Roger chose death to stop.
Look.
You want your leader back?
I have his body, I have
the means to bring him back.
Unless, of course, you want to bet
with the Founder, in which case...
Checkmate.
Hmm.
If you're lying, I will
put a bullet in you.
(PANICKED BREATHING)
(GROANING)
Let me go. Please!
You want me to stop performing? I'll stop.
(DEEP BREATH) All my mom wants
is for me to go to dental school.
I'll never use my powers again. I swear.
You said the new Ultra's
was gonna be different.
That we weren't taking
down our own kind anymore.
You are just like my
uncle, nothing's changed.
I never said Ultra would
tolerate reckless Paranormals
revealing our powers to the world
on a whim, or worse, for profit.
Don't.
No! No, please.
You perform parlor tricks for humans,
you allow them to record our antics
and broadcast them across the globe.
- Do you think that's wise?
- I, um...
I'm just a magician.
Ah!
(GRUNTING)
And what's the first rule of magic?
Never reveal your secret.
Now, do you think you can do that?
Do you think, uh, you can
keep our little secret?
Uh-huh. Yeah.
Hmm, well, good.
I look forward to catching
your show some time.
Just try to keep the
tricks somewhat plausible.
Yeah.
Absolutely, uh-huh. You... you got it.
Mister, um...
Mr. Bathory.
And that name is definitely
to be kept secret.
Of course.
(DOOR OPENING AND CLOSING)
What was in the needle?
What did you just do to him?
I told you things would be
different here at Ultra, Stephen.
In the future, you'd do well to trust me.
What the hell have you done to him?
It's the only way I can save him, John.
To bring him back, I need Stephen.
I have tried everything,
but he will not listen to me.
He will listen to you.
If what you're saying is true,
if Roger put himself into
limbo to stop the Founder,
you say bringing him back doesn't
play straight into his plans?
It's a risk we're going to have to take.
You expect... you expect me
to convince Stephen of that?
You or Cara.
I understand she has
quite a sway over the boy.
(EXHALING)
You're crazy.
(SOFTLY) I knew I could count on you, kid.
Hey. How'd you find him?
I didn't, uh, the lady
from your office did.
Lady from my office?
Oh, uh, short, kinda chesty.
Yeah, uh, she... she came by my house,
told me Luca had been
hiding out in the library.
That was my partner, Hillary.
Hillary?
- Hillary who tried to have me killed?
- Sorry.
I'll let you two talk. Ok.
Hey.
Gimme a sec.
Look, I know you're freaked out.
Not telling you the truth, it was
only ever about protecting you.
Okay? You gotta believe me.
I'm 16. Man, I'm your brother.
I don't need to be protected.
I know.
Alright? I just didn't want
to pull you into this world.
This is my burden.
- Not yours.
- Yeah?
Well, our whackjob uncle said
it could happen to me too.
Okay, but, it doesn't mean it will.
And if it does, we will
figure something out.
Alright? I'm your brother, I'm always...
I gotta go to practice.
(WHOOSHING)
Would it kill you to knock,
like a normal human being?
Well, I'm not human.
The Founder wants to see
you. (CLEARING THROAT)
Okay. Great. I'll put my pants back on.
Mmm-mmm.
See, I won the bet, and
I found your brother, so...
(EXCLAIMING) So...
You have to do whatever I want.
You serious?
Mmm-hmm. Bet's a bet, Jameson.
(CHUCKLING) What about the Founder?
It can wait.
JOHN: We need to find Stephen now.
Why? What did Jedikiah say?
He's got Roger's body.
I saw him, Cara! I saw
him with my own eyes.
With Stephen's help, we can bring him back.
Then we should split up.
I'll let you know if I find him.
Stephen, are you here?
(THINKING) We need to talk,
your uncle, he claims...
What is it?
We're gonna make it.
Checked his school and
Ultra, he's not there.
I found him.
Is he okay?
Cara, what's going on?
I think we may be losing him.
You wanted to see me?
Um, where is everyone?
I gave them the night off, I
wanted to talk to you in private.
Okay.
Relax, I know you've come up the
ranks under a reign of terror.
The notion of injecting a breakout
with a tracer and releasing him,
must seem unbelievable.
- A tracer.
- It's a tracking device, actually.
Lodges in the cerebellum and sends a
radio wave that my network monitors.
- Can I trust you with another secret, Stephen?
- Sure.
While your uncle was busy
stripping our kind of their powers,
I was operating my own pet program.
Yeah, what is all this?
Each dot represents a Paranormal
tagged and released over the years.
Many by Ultra, before
Jedikiah's paranoia set in.
There are over 200 in the city alone.
STEPHEN: What are you planning
on doing with all of them?
Well, it's not what I plan on doing.
It's what you are going to do.
You, Stephen,
will lead them all, someday,
to a place known as The Refuge.
You must wonder how I lost sight of
the horrors happening under my own nose.
Even committing some of
them against my own blood.
The answer, Stephen...
is this.
The machine.
I thought my father destroyed it.
Your father built the original.
He was to serve as it's, uh...
How can I describe it? It's... engine.
To do what?
Amplify his powers.
In theory, enough to bring
all Paranormals there with him.
If that was true, why
would he want to blow it up?
Indeed. Indeed, finding The Refuge
is in the best interest of both species.
Homo sapiens and Homo superiors
cannot coexist in peace.
But your uncle poisoned your father's
mind, he turned him against me.
Why would Jedikiah do that?
Simple. Your uncle doesn't
want this war to end
because without it, he's nothing.
You don't know whether you can trust me.
Jedikiah's poisoned your mind too.
But you are the only one who
can take us to The Refuge.
After years of toiling, I
have finally rebuilt the Ark
that will sail us to our destiny.
But we must launch before
your uncle interferes.
Okay.
What do you want me to do?
A test run. To see if you can
do what my Cassie could not.
You see, the machine uses your power
to stop time and to open the portal.
Alright.
Godspeed.
(ARK POWERING UP)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(BEEPING)
Stephen.
Is this you?
Dad.
What are you doing here?
I'm just...
watching you and Luca play.
Dad, listen.
It's not me anymore.
Ok? I'm right here.
- You're not dead?
- No.
No, I'm very much alive. My
body's just back in the real world.
- Ok, the Founder, he has this machine.
- Machine?
Stephen. You have to
listen to me very carefully.
Wait. Dad! Dad, I can't hold on any longer.
Dad.
(BEEPING VERY FAST)
Oh, you stupid, stupid boy.
- synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org